<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">



<head>

  <meta content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" http-equiv="content-type" />
  <title>org.podval.imageio</title>


  <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/style.css" type="text/css" />

</head>



<body>

<h1>Summary</h1>

Flexible Java library for reading of the EXIF metadata, CRW (Canon raw)
metadata and CRW images.
<h1>Motivation</h1>

<h1>History</h1>

early 2002: development starts
<p>middle of 2002: metadata description in XML introduced</p>

<p>early 2003: (pre-release) JAXB 1.0 used to generate classes
for the reading of the metadata description
from the W3C XML Schema</p>

<p>2005: reading of the metadata description redone using SAX</p>

<p>early 2006: reader-to-application interface simplified</p>

<h1>Related Work</h1>

metadata extraction in java
http://www.drewnoakes.com/code/exif/
Exif Jpeg header and thumbnail manipulator program
http://www.sentex.net/~mwandel/jhead/
<h1>Future Work</h1>

More formats.
Better integration with the javax.imageio infrastructure.
Writing of the EXIF data.
DIG35: Metadata Standard for Digital Images
http://xml.coverpages.org/dig35.html
<h1>References</h1>

<p>
EXIF Specification
</p>

<p></p>

<p><a name="EXIF" href="http://park2.wakwak.com/%7Etsuruzoh/Computer/Digicams/exif-e.html">[EXIF]</a>
&nbsp;Description of Exif file format<br />

http://park2.wakwak.com/~tsuruzoh/Computer/Digicams/exif-e.html</p>

<p>EXIF MakerNote of Canon<br />

http://www.burren.cx/david/canon.html<br />

http://www.wonderland.org/crw/<br />

http://neuemuenze.heim1.tu-clausthal.de/~sven/crwinfo/</p>

<p>CIFF Specification</p>

<p>CRW Image<br />

http://www.cybercom.net/~dcoffin/dcraw/</p>

<h1>Misc</h1>

Metadata description language.
ReaderHandler interface.
How to tweak the metadata definition.
Protected interface of the Reader.
<div class="displayBlock">sfsfsf
</div>

</body>



</html>
